Cookstyle 6.18 release notes (#755)
chef/cookstyle: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Cookstyle 6.18

### RuboCop 0.91.0

RuboCop has been updated to 0.91.0, which includes a large number of bug fixes to the built-in RuboCop cops that Cookstyle uses as well as significant performance improvements.

### 2 New Chef Infra Cops

#### ChefCorrectness/LazyInResourceGuard

The `ChefCorrectness/LazyInResourceGuard` cop detects resources that use `only_if/not_if` conditionals where the Ruby code block is wrapped in `lazy {}`. All resource conditionals are always lazily evaluated (evaluated at runtime) so there is no need to wrap them in lazy and doing so results in failures.

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

#### ChefCorrectness/PropertyWithoutType

> The `ChefCorrectness/PropertyWithoutType` cop detects properties or attributes in resources that don't declare their type such as Array, String, of Hash. Not including a type limits the built-in validation performed by the Chef Infra Client for all user inputs, and can cause difficult to troubleshoot failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ChefCorrectness/PropertyWithoutType` cop detects properties or attributes in resources that don't declare their type such as Array, String, or Hash. Not including a type limits the built-in validation performed by the Chef Infra Client for all user inputs, and can cause difficult to troubleshoot failures.
```

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: No

### 12 New Ruby Cops

Several new built-in RuboCop cops have been enabled to help simplify Ruby code within Chef Infra cookbooks. We've chosen to enable these cops as they simplify cookbook code and they all support autocorrection.

#### Lint/RedundantRequireStatement

The `Lint/RedundantRequireStatement` cop detects code requiring several built-in Ruby libraries that are required out of the box by Ruby.

#### Style/Strip

The `Style/Strip` cop detects code that calls `'abc'.lstrip.rstrip` when `'abc'.strip` can be used instead.

#### Style/StderrPuts

The `Style/StderrPuts` cop detects code that calls `$stderr.puts('hello')` when `warn('hello')` can be used instead.

#### Style/Sample

The `Style/Sample` detects code that uses the `shuffle` method to sample data from an array when `sample` can be used instead.

#### Style/ReturnNil

The `Style/ReturnNil` cop detects methods that use `return nil` when `return` can be used instead as `nil` is implied.

#### Style/RedundantSortBy

> The `Style/RedundantSortBy` cop detects code that calls `sort_by` with a block in ways that can be simplified to use just `sort` instead without the need for a block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Style/RedundantSortBy` cop detects code that calls `sort_by` with a block in ways that can be simplified to use just `sort` instead, without the need for a block.
```

#### Style/RedundantSort

> The `Style/RedundantSort` cop detects code that calls `sort` in order to determine the min or max values when the `min` or `max` methods could be used instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Style/RedundantSort` cop detects code that calls `sort` in order to determine the minimum or maximum values when the `min` or `max` methods could be used instead.
```

#### Style/RedundantFileExtensionInRequire

> The `Style/RedundantFileExtensionInRequire` cop detects code that requires libraries using their complete filenames when the `.rb` extension is not necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Style/RedundantFileExtensionInRequire` cop detects code that requires libraries to use their complete filenames when the `.rb` extension is not necessary.
```

Reviewer: This correction doesn't really make sense to me. A better correction would be to use `with` instead of `to use`.

> The `Style/RedundantFileExtensionInRequire` cop detects code that requires libraries to use their complete filenames when the `.rb` extension is not necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Style/RedundantFileExtensionInRequire` cop detects code that requires libraries with their complete filenames when the `.rb` extension is not necessary.
```

#### Style/RedundantCondition

The `Style/RedundantCondition` cop detects complex ternary operators that can be reduced to simpler `x || y` type expressions.

#### Style/Encoding

The `Style/Encoding` cop detects `.rb` files that start with a `UTF-8` Ruby encoding comment. These comments are no longer necessary as Ruby now defaults to `UTF-8` as of Ruby 2.0 (Chef Infra Client 12).

#### Style/Dir

The `Style/Dir` cop detects code with complex methods of detecting the current file path, which can be simplified by using the built in `__dir__` method in Ruby.

#### Style/ExpandPathArguments

The `Style/ExpandPathArguments` cop detects code with overly complex `File.expand_path` usage that can be simplified.

### Other Improvements

> - The `ChefModernize/RespondToCompileTime` cop has seen significant performance optimizations that will result in faster overall Cookstyle runtimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `ChefModernize/RespondToCompileTime` cop has seen significant performance optimizations that will result in faster overall Cookstyle runtimes.
```
